Pan-os check logs status bug fix (#20140)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_14_11.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-check-logs-status*** and ***pan-os-check-logs-status*** commands did not pass *job_id* argument to the query as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-check-logs-status*** command did not pass *job_id* argument to the query as a string.
```

I don't think we need to mention the deprecated command.
